,name,star,value_for_money,comment
0,Rajib Pain,4,Value-for-money,"Nice battery backup, good camera and also a good display. For daily use phone is smooth and perfect."
1,Pallab Saha,4,Wonderful,I got the product at my door step in 16 hours after ordering so thank you flipkart for this excellent delivery. I have used it for 3 days and now writing my review:Pro:1. Battery is brilliant and perfect for people who spent lot of time on multimedia2. Display 90hrz is very smooth and good looking. Didn't feel the absence of Full HD actually better than full HD IPS displays.3. Samsung One UI 4. Look & feel. Very comfortable to hold. Background Matt finish no fingerprint5. Primary camera...
2,Kaushik Pal,4,Good choice,"Good product in this price segment....looks like a premium smartphone.... performance is up to the mark ..... according to me , this device is perfect for the students who are doing the online classes.....don't expect high from camera or performance...."
3,pritam kumar,5,Highly recommended,"Best mobile in this price range.. best batry bacup camra quality is also good, no lag, much better quality, littile bit less in feathures if compared to readme series.. bt overall mindblowing mobile...i m much satisfied.."
4,ANKUR VATSAL,4,good purchase,"if you are moderate user like, social media, watches some videos, and play games for fun, then this phone is for you, it not that expensive too. camera is awesome clicks amazing photos with back camera. selfie camera is good too for facetime and all. battery is outstanding but it takes 2 hrs to full and has good backup it will run throughout day if you use it heavily( not for gamers) Trust me you wont regret go for it."
5,Flipkart Customer,5,Wonderful,"This mobile gives me all things which i was found at this price. Camera, battery , Display and Many which gives me sacrifice at its price. So i really happy that samsung lover can afford in this price and gets best feature."
6,Aniket Kumar,5,Mind-blowing purchase,"●Camera - 4/5■ In this price range Camera is good.●Screen -  4.5/5■samsung as balanced phone pixels smartly by reducing horizonal screen lenght , So that the difference between full hd + and hd+ feels minimum...Battery - 5/5 . 6000 mah battery with adative battery usage .●Processor - 4/5■mediatek helio 680 will not dissapoint you if you are not a gamer.●Design and look - 5/5■look is premium and phone is slim and sleek .Flipkart has delivered this phone within 24 hr which is unimagin..."
7,Cicily S,5,Must buy!,"This mobile is a beast.... wonderful mobile for daily use. Smooth and clear display. Camera is awesome,out door photography is really great,   but the low light and indoor selfie should improve more, 90hz display is super and smooth. Speaker sound should improve more, the only lack in this mobile is it dosent have NFC and Back case not provided.. battery is awesome will last for 2 days.performance also great but not for  heavy gaming."
8,Sonali  Kumari,5,Wonderful,"I bought 4gb/64gb variant and that is superbly good.1)Display will not disappoint you at all , Samoled with 90hz feels very smooth compared to that 120hz redmi note 10 pro.If you are a normal user then you will not find any difference between FHD+ and HD+ display ,so for me that is not a con.2) Battery life is amazing .3) Performance,I will say that for normal usage at 90hz it feels smooth but if u want gaming then plss look our for other devices.4)Camera was superbly good too considering..."
9,Debasis  Patnaik,5,Best in the market!,Keeping in view the mid range level of entry samsung has made his presence felt within the masses. Camera and display are surprisingly good at this price range. Super amoled with hd well configured which is pleasing to the eye for long viewing. 64 gb storage which can be increased. Media tek helio 80 an old processor though does daily multitasking with ease. No lagging felt till now. Hope regular software updates will dissolve any issue if props in future. Build quality is impressive too with...
